One quick word about my current set up here by the way, since I return my redirect to signup here and
we do this in a then block, this will actually redirect, this is correct but it will still execute the
next then block, this is how promises work.
So this code execution in this function does finish because I return but the overall code execution does
not and therefore we reached the next then block even if we redirect
and that is why we get this password is required error when we use an existing email because we reached
this then block and the function in there but hashed password will be undefined here because since we return
after redirecting, we never execute the hash function
so we reach this function without the hashed password
and this is why we get this error. So the result is the same
but if you want to avoid this, what you can do is you can take that code and actually chain it in
here,
so I have a nested promise instead of one promise chain with multiple then blocks,
we will end after this then block if we redirect, there only is the catch block here for catching errors
of which we don't have one
and then the server then blocks here are only executed if we make it into the hashing mode.
That is a tiny improvement that logically makes more sense here.